three women did not get roses tonight
including Becca Becca M is the 22 year
old nanny who my wife said is her
favorite person in the history of the
show
Becca was almost as sad to go tonight as
my wife was to see her go we see a lot
of crying on this show every week but
after will the 22 seasons
I have we've never seen a tear like this
tear
[Music]
the black teeter either Becca's the
Antichrist or we need to get her some
waterproof mascara i don't know i don't
have you read last week but becca
somehow found herself on a missing
persons list up in northern california
for real she was reported missing by her
mom her mother didn't know where she was
spokesman for the sheriff in humboldt
county said she was off working on a
marijuana farm of course i have a lot of
questions about this so he can't becca
has now been found and she is with us
now freshly eliminated from the bachelor
tonight please say hello to becca m
hello Becca I'm Becca
tonight we witnessed perhaps the most
shocking elimination in bachelor history
my wife was devastated how are you doing
you know I'm hanging in there you're
hanging in there it's shocking for me as
well okay I'm picking up the pieces as I
go along
before we get into the missing person
thing I have to know you're 22 years old
yes you decide what a whoa what's wrong
with tinder why go on The Bachelor well
I mean for one thing I have been a fan
of the show
for years and I've been saying for the
past three or four years that I've just
been telling all my family and friends
like yeah I'm gonna go on The Bachelor
one okay no matter who the guy was well
I was hoping it would be Peter so Tia
told Ari that you were ready for
marriage and then Ari
eliminated you from the show have you
spoken to TIA since she threw you under
the school bus um against my will
yeah you did okay so you're not you keep
in touch with any of the women on the
show oh pretty much all of them oh yeah
mm-hmm
oh oh who's your closest friend on the
show definitely Kendall yeah I actually
was literally spending the night at her
house geez oh she's the one with all the
taxidermy yeah is her house a nightmare
of animal heads oh you wake up in the
morning there's literally a goat staring
right
are you sure there was a goat or were
you still on the marijuana farm did you
get those earrings on the marijuana farm
they're trippy right so what happened
now why were you on the missing persons
list in Humboldt County all right let me
set the record straight first of all a
lot of people thought I lied to my
mother saying that I was on a farm when
I was actually on The Bachelor but no I
had already been eliminated from the
show uh-huh and I just decided to go up
to the mountains with some friends for a
couple weeks and I was there for six or
seven days without phone service which I
thought I was going to have phone
service and I told my mother that I
would and you know I just had this weird
feeling on like the sixth or seventh day
I was like I need to go home now
so I got in my car drove to where I had
service called my parents and then yeah
come to find out only 12 hours before my
mother had called the Humboldt Sheriff's
Department saying that I was missing see
you not on a marijuana farm you were in
the mountains is that what I was was
that a marijuana farm I was on and
that's what the Sheriff's Department
said you were on Tamara oh you were on a
marijuana farm
it's Humboldt County so I see every open
field is a marijuana farm is why you
to set the record straight I'm not a
weave farmer I am still a nanny in LA
but my friends have a weed farm yeah oh
yeah I know yeah you're yeah when you're
watching kids you don't want to be known
as the weed farmer that's and where are
you right now Becca I'm here here where
I'm right here in the studio you're in
our studio yes
[Applause]
well thank you very much
it's I'm sorry you got a limit you
didn't want to marry Ari anyway right I
mean you want to go to Phoenix and sell
real estate
Scottsdale whatever all right your mom
knows you're here yes okay good all
right I am everybody thank you back
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed